 Awake -- Short program (library) to "wake on lan" a remote host.
-----------------------------------------------------------------

A very short script to wake up remote hosts, you can import and use the wol function or
use the command line interface.

If you  want to know something more about the WoL stuff check [the wikipedia page](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wake-on-LAN).


    Usage: awake.py [options] MAC1 [MAC2 MAC3 MAC...]

    Options:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -p PORT, --port=PORT  Destination port. (Default 9)
      -b BROADCAST, --broadcast=BROADCAST
                            Broadcast ip of the network. (Default 255.255.255.255)
      -a ADDRESS, --address=ADDRESS
                            Address to connect and send the packet, by default use
                            the broadcast.
      -f FILE, --file=FILE  Use a file with the list of macs, separated with -s,
                            by default \n.
      -s SEPARATOR, --separator=SEPARATOR
                            Pattern to be use as a separator with the -f option.
      -q, --quiet           Do not output informative messages.


Examples
--------

__1.__ Wake-on-lan a group of computers in the current network:

    awake.py MAC1 MAC2 MAC3 MAC4 MACn

or
  
    awake.py -f ~/list_of_macs

and in the file `list_of_macs` have one MAC per line or use the `-s` option.

__2.__ Wake-on-lan a computer or group of computers in a extenal network:

   For this situation, you need to forward a port in your router, for example to forward 9999 to 9 in the localnetwork o 7777 to 7, check the documentation if your router or modem. After the port has been configured you can use [DDNS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DDNS) to have a reference to the current ip address of your router/modem and use awake in this way:

    awake.py -a myhouse.homedns.com -p 9999 -f ~/file_with_my_macs 
   
   or use any other option, the importan here is to use the `-a` and `-p` options to specify the destination to send the magick packet.